hey everyone hey guys welcome back to
our Channel
so today me and Haley are hanging out by
the pool and we thought it'd be a
perfect opportunity to show you guys
what's in our pool bag yeah so this is
pretty much our pool flashes beach bag
it's a black mesh bag from Target it's
huge if it's so much stuff in it so
let's just get started with what we keep
in it so one of the first things that we
have with us which is probably the most
important is towels this one is by a
clothing brand called Kona's they're
kind of like a street wear brand and
they're just these big towels that we'd
love to have with us yeah in their black
and white which is perfect for us
because we love anything black and white
exactly oh those are great and the next
thing that we actually keep in our bag
is some hats
we love having hats because it's always
really sunny out and it's good if your
fur gets messed up working to keep the
Sun out of your face or something like
that or I have a problem with my head
gets sunburned Allah so I love to have a
hat on me it's perfect yeah so that's
the next thing that we keep in there
okay so let's see what else we got
one of the things that we like to bring
with us especially to the beach is some
body scrub this one is you make me cocoa
by the skinny Fox detox and we
absolutely love this stuff yeah the
stuff is actually really great
especially it's best to use outside
because when you use inside it gets
really messy and it might stain your tub
a little bit or something so it's really
fun just to kind of get outside get it
all over you maybe jump in the pool or
the beach or something oh yeah got the
leg or just something like that so that
stuff is really great okay so the next
thing that we actually like to have on
us is a couple of little cover up yeah
so whether we're going to the pool or
down to the beach you know we just like
to have a little cover up just in case
it might get a little bit colder you
just want to take a cute picture or
something like that yeah and sometimes
we'll wear these or look bringing
they're kind of just depending on what
we feel like yeah so really just it
we'll either wear it or we'll just throw
it in if we don't okay so let's see what
else oh definitely super important
always have to have your shades yes I
cannot live without sunglasses
especially while both of our eyes are so
sensitive
anytime we go outside we practically get
blind by the Sun so it's really
essential for us to have our sunglasses
in our beach bag by the way it does
anyone else have that problem or you
literally can't be outside got
sunglasses on I let us know because you
can't open our eyes is that a nice thing
let us know the next thing that we have
it is totally essential obviously is
some tanning oil and some sunscreens in
here we just had a Hawaiian Tropic one
we actually have a bow chef a sunscreen
that's never degrade doesn't break my
skin out or anything like that not too
heavier I used a couple of sunscreen you
know always keep your skin protected
because I burn crazy easily too so that
is not good okay so let's see what else
music music is super important to us
we'll bring our headphones but typically
we like to listen to music as a group so
we have this really cool speaker it's
bluetooth you just turn it on and
connect to your cell phone that way all
of us can listen to music and have fun
while we're at the pool the beach leg or
wherever we are yeah it is great kids
this little biggest waterproof and a
little suction thing on the back so it's
just so easy and convenient to bring
along you don't have to worry about it
getting wet or damaged or anything like
that so this is really great will link
all these stuff down below to that way
you guys can find these really easily
okay so one of the last things actually
which should we go another thing that we
have on hand is just a couple of packets
of gum or mints or something like that
right now with us we have the bite me
skinny peppermint gums these are great
because they actually have caffeine and
them too so you're going out to the pool
or a beach day and you know it's gonna
be a long day you need some energy no
cheer one of these and it gives you a
little bit of caffeine so I think that
that's really cool so that is something
that we love to have okay and one of the
last things that we carry with us we
just have it in this little model coke
bag but it's just anything that we might
need to touch up or you know something
like that so we'll kind of go through
this back and show you what we have okay
so the next couple things that we have
is
couple of hair products we have a comb
and some hair ties and even a mini
hairspray just because you know you're
out and I never know you eat you know
your hair might get crazier messed up so
you always just you know want something
to touch up with and then the next thing
we keep in the bag is just a few makeup
products to touch up with we have a
mirror which of course always comes in
handy a powder a little brush and then
just a been a bomb just in case you know
you want some shine on your lips now we
wouldn't typically probably bring this
to the pool this is something more for
the beach since we do live about 45
minutes away and you know got dinner or
something like that afterwards we just
want to make sure we're prepared okay so
the next couple things that we like to
keep in our bag is a little Vaseline lip
balm also a little mango hand cream and
a little forever red body spray just in
case you want to freshen up drop the day
put on some lip balm anything like that
and yeah sometimes I'll even bring some
baby wipes or some wet ones with us just
we could you know wipe down or freshen
up that kind of thing but this is
basically everything that we would keep
in our pool / beach bag you know could
change if we're going to the lake or the
water park but let us know what you guys
you guys I've been trying to get her to
film this outro for 20 minutes like just
tell them like thank you so much for
watching we love you guys what's in your
pool bag let's you go to the lake the
pool the beach water parks are you guys
afraid of water parks like lettuce no
because I'm afraid of cutting my back
going down on those slides like how are
you because likes curry right skirt so
anyways everything will be linked down
below thank you guys so much for
watching and we'll see you in our next
video